So now is the time to sign
into your AWS Certification accounts.
For this, you go to this URL, aws.training/certification,
and then you click on Sign In.
From there, you're going to have to create
an AWS Builder ID, which is a specific account
for AWS certifications.
So you click on it, you go through the process,
and then you'll be good to go.
After you sign in, click on Go to Your Account,
and this is going to take you into the certification portal.
And in here you have several options.
So in this video I'm going to show you
how to schedule an exam, but I strongly recommend
as well that you watch the next two videos.
One is around exam accommodations to get extra time
if you're not a native English speaker,
which can really help you during your exam.
And also, I will show you certification benefits
on how to sometimes get 50% on your next AWS exam.
So please make sure to watch these videos next.
But right now, lemme show you the exam registration.
So you click on Exam Registration and schedule an exam.
And in here, we have at the bottom, the exams we can pass.
So some of them are going to be authorized,
some of them are going to be click to authorize to schedule.
So you click on Authorize and it will just do something,
and then schedule is available.
So I'm not sure why you have to authorize things,
but here it is.
Okay, so now let's say for example,
that we want to schedule the
AWS Certified Developer Associate Exam.
So click on Schedule, and this is going to take you
into the Pearson VUE portal, which is going to be
the exam schedule partner of AWS.
So in here, we have several options.
We can specify to want to take the exam
in person at a test center or online with OnVUE.
So this is when you want to actually go somewhere
and take it in a specific room,
because for example, you don't wanna take it from home.
So in that case, you need to bring your photo ID,
you need to make sure that you understand how it works,
and what you can and cannot bring during the test.
You would click on Next.
And in the following pages, you are able to select
the language you want to take your exam in.
So different options based on where you're from.
And finally, you can also select where you want to take it.
And so for this, you're going to have to agree
to these conditions, first of all, and then find a place.
So you would just enter an address,
and then you would look at different addresses
where you can actually take your exam.
So the alternative is to do online with OnVUE,
and I like it because you're at home,
it's very easy to take it.
So you need your computer with a webcam
and a good internet connection.
And here it says Run system test.
And I strongly, strongly, strongly recommend you
to run the system test way before your exam
so you make sure everything is good.
Your testing space must be clear of everything.
So you'll need put nothing on your desk, remove everything,
and make sure that the person controlling that
will be asking you to show your desk and so on.
So there are some examples here.
Bring an ID, and then you need to check in
about 30 minutes before your appointment time
just to make sure that you are
going to be attending your exam on time.
Then you click on Next.
You choose your language again.
Then you agree to all the things
that you need to agree about, making sure
you are taking this space, this exam from your home.
Then you agree, then you choose the language you want
the person who is going to check your desk,
and so on, to speak, so you have these options,
but this is different from your exam version.
This is just to check you in.
Then, what is your time zone.
Finally, selecting a date, selecting a time,
and then booking, and finally, completing the payments.
And adding a voucher, if you have a discount voucher,
which I will show you how to do it in the next lecture.
So that's it.
Now, once the exam is scheduled, to actually take it,
maybe it'll appear upon a coming exam,
but the way I like to do it is to go on Home, Dashboard.
And when you're ready, before your exam,
you click on Manage my Pearson VUE account,
which is going to take you, again,
to the homepage of Pearson VUE.
And from there, you will be seeing a launch exam button,
which is very easy to access.
So you'll have here, the exam appearing,
and you just click on Launch, and you're good to go.
All right, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.